September 2015    
Release: v0.40

Welcome to the Chromis family.



Chromis POS Point Of Sale is open source and free software licensed to you
under the GNU GPL 3 license.
It is a commercial-grade quality product and your use is not restricted in
any way.
It can scale from a single machine on your counter-top to tens and tens of
terminals in different locations.


!------!------! THIS IS A MUST READ !------!------!
 Chromis POS comes with some defaults settings already included:
    a. A default Category called CATEGORY STANDARD
    b. A default Product with the REFERENCE xxx999
    c. Two default Taxes - TAX EXEMPT and TAX STANDARD

DO NOT DELETE THEM!
You can RENAME them to whatever suits but...
DO NOT DELETE!
!------!------!------!------!------!------!------!


So let's get you started!
The key to making sure you get the best out of Chromis POS is: Set-up.

Have some patience when you first start out and try to follow these
simple steps...

1. Make sure you have the correct Java JRE Runtime installed for your
   Operating System. If you're running Windows x64 use Java for x64, not
   the x86 version, and it's running properly.

2. Fire-up Chromis POS and head straight for the Configuration panel.
   Settings are here for everything from Databases through to Credit Card
   processing gateways.

3. Set Roles and Users - we've already created four for you.
   If you set a Password for the Administrator account.
   Make sure you remember it!

4. Set Taxes
   Chromis POS comes with two Rate types already created:
   Exempt and Standard. Have as many as you want.

5. Create Categories. Use Categories to group your Products.
   This controls your Sales screen button layout.
   A default Category is already there (remember DO NOT DELETE IT!).
   You can rename it and go on to create as many Categories that you need.

7. Create Products. Probably the most important part in Chromis POS you
   need to get right.
   A default Product is already there (remember DO NOT DELETE IT!).
   You can rename it and go on to create as many Products that you need.
   Assign everything here from Barcodes through to Sales screen button
   images and add fancy looking text for the sales screen Product buttons.

8. Edit your Printer Receipt Tickets.
   There are several templates to choose from.
   Have your store logo to hand (.jpg or .gif max size 200x100)
   It's a good idea to plan ahead beforehand and sketch out how you want
   your receipt to look.

9. Play with Chromis POS first. Get to know it.
   Take your time. Don't rush.
   You will be up & running with Chromis POS in no time.

10.All done! You're ready to go!
   Now take a Backup!
   Better to do it now rather starting over again or trying to go back and
   work out later where things need to change.


We're proud of our app' and we hope you enjoy using Chromis POS.


